Adds radiant option to Gradient component [Pending final color approval from design] (#657)
microsoft/atlas-design: .changeset/pretty-countries-punch.md

---
'@microsoft/atlas-site': minor
'@microsoft/atlas-css': minor
---

> Adding color theme to gradient component and updating documentation

Reviewer: Nit: Could this be updated to something like:

```suggestion
Adding radiant option to gradient component and updating documentation
```

Author: Makes sense, committed suggestion.
